Encounter the Christian Monk Bahirah
hhhh

During his trip to Syria with his uncle Abu Talib, the caravan camped near the
monastery of Bahirah, a Christian monk. Astounded at having noticed a cloud hovering around the caravan and shading a certain person, as well as the branches of trees leaning forth to shelter someone from the sun near where the caravan had camped. the
curious Bahirah decided to look in to the intriguing matter and invite the Meccans inside the monastery for some food:
"I have prepared food for you all. I insist each and every member of the caravan
to join, young and old, free and slave."
The Meccans were taken aback by the invitation of Bahirah, since he had never
seemed to take much interest in them before, during their numerous other trips to Syria. Nevertheless, everyone heeded the invitation. Inquisitively staring at all the faces of his guests upon their entrance, Bahirah felt he did not find whay he had been looking for, a certain sign he wished to see.
"Did you leave someone behind?" he asked.
"No one, they said, "except for a child left to keep an eye on the caravan and their
belongings, chosen for the job since he was the youngest."
But Bahirah insisted he come for the meal as well. Once brought by the table, Bahirah recognized Muhammad (S.A.W) immediately. Taking him by the hand, he murmured:
"This is the Master of the Both Worlds...The Almighty's Messenger, the Mercy
of the Worlds!"
The Meccan elders asked him where he had gotten such an idea, to which Bahi-
rah answered:
"I read his signs from our Holy Scriptures. As you approached, I noticed all trees
and rocks bowing to him in respect. I am aware that it is only to prophets that these inanimate things bow in respect. I then became all the more convinced, once I looked further and noticed the his seal of prophethood between his shoulder blades."
Bahirah then continued to pose more questions to Abu Talib about his young
nephew and each answer he received set his heart at greater ease regarding his premonition. Bahirah was now certain about the child's prophethood.
